Update concepts-monitoring.md (#114289)
Azure/azure-content: articles/mysql/flexible-server/concepts-monitoring.md

|Metric display name|Metric|Unit|Description|
|---|---|---|---|
|Host CPU percent|cpu_percent|Percent|Host CPU percent is total utilization of CPU to process all the tasks on your server over a selected period. This metric includes workload of your Azure Database for MySQL - Flexible Server and Azure MySQL process. High CPU percent can help you find if your database server has more workload than it can handle. This metric is equivalent to total CPU utilization similar to utilization of CPU on any virtual machine.|

> |CPU Credit Consumed|cpu_credits_consumed| Count|**This is for Burstable Tier Only** CPU credit is calculated based on workload, please check this [link](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/sizes-b-series-burstable) for more info|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|CPU Credit Consumed|cpu_credits_consumed| Count|**This is for Burstable Tier Only** CPU credit is calculated based on workload. See [B-series burstable virtual machine sizes](/azure/virtual-machines/sizes-b-series-burstable) for more information.|
```

> |CPU Credit Remaining|cpu_credits_remaining|Count|**This is for Burstable Tier Only** CPU remaining is calculated based on workload, please check this [link](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/sizes-b-series-burstable) for more info|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|CPU Credit Remaining|cpu_credits_remaining|Count|**This is for Burstable Tier Only** CPU remaining is calculated based on workload. See [B-series burstable virtual machine sizes](/azure/virtual-machines/sizes-b-series-burstable) for more information.|
```
